Describe the use of unix sockets, the CLI commands and usage example.md (#1730)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/arguments-annotations-overview.md

| `--enable-metrics` | not supported | | configuration spec | Enable prometheus metric (default true) |
| `--enable-mtls` | not supported | | configuration spec | Enables automatic mTLS for daprd to daprd communication channels |
| `--enable-profiling` | `--enable-profiling` | | `dapr.io/enable-profiling` | Enable profiling |

> | `--enable-domain-socket` | not supported | | not supported  | Enable listen with Unix domain socket |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--enable-domain-socket` | not supported | | not supported  | Enables listening with unix domain sockets for lower latency and greater throughput when an app calls into the Dapr sidecar.  Not available on Windows OS. |
```

Author: Done.
